I am Volodymyr Vernadsky.
Born in 1863 in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Pioneering geochemist, mineralogist, crystallographer,
philosopher of science, political activist,
and politician; full member of Ukrainian Academy
of Sciences from 1918, and a member of Czechoslovak,
Yugoslav, French Academy of Sciences.
After graduating from Saint Petersburg University,
I did graduate work there and in Munich and
Paris and was elected president of the United
Council of Regional Student Organizations
in the Russian Empire.
I had close genealogical, personal, and intellectual
links to Ukraine.
I spent part of nearly every summer in Poltava
gubernia.
In 1890, I researched the soils of Kremenchuk
county as a member of the soil-science expedition.
After the February Revolution of 1917, I chaired
the Agricultural Scholarly Committee of the
Russian Ministry of Agriculture.
After the Bolshevik coup, I fled to Ukraine.
In 1918, at the behest of Mykola Vasylenko
and the Hetman government, I headed the group
of Ukrainian scholars that drafted the detailed
project for founding the Ukrainian Academy
of Sciences.
In 1919, while visiting Rostov-na-Donu, I
was unable to return to Ukraine and ended
up locked in Crimea, where I was a professor
and rector of Tavriia University in Simferopol
in 1920.
In 1921 I returned to Petrograd and organized
the Radium Institute there and worked in Paris
with Marie Curie and lectured at the Sorbonne.
Under Soviet rule, I was a spokesman for preserving
the academy's autonomy and for freedom of
thought and travel.
In the 1930s I headed the academy's new commissions
on the Permafrost and Heavy Water, began the
building of the first Soviet cyclotron, and
oversaw the development of Soviet radiogeology
and biochemistry.
In 1940 I co-founded the academy's Uranium
Commission and was elected its vice-chairman.
My ideas became the core of new directions
in geology, mineralogy, and hydrogeology,
and I am regarded as the founder of Soviet
geochemistry and biogeochemistry.
I wrote extensively about philosophical issues
in science, popularized the concepts of the
biosphere and noosphere, and developed radiological
and radiochemical concepts.
My work has served humanity during my lifetime
and I hope it is still yielding fruitfully.